Copyright (C) 2005 Ted Strauss, James Magnuson, and the University of 
Connecticut

We would like to acknowledge the contributions in writing the software of
Raphael Pelosoff, and the contributions in testing, debugging, and 
documentation of Harlan Harris. We would also like to express our 
appreciation to Jay McClelland and Jeff Elman for making available the 
source code to the original TRACE model, which has significantly facilitated 
this implementation.

Additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to portions of the 
software are set forth in the THIRDPARTYLICENSE.txt file.

This software is copyright under the following conditions:

Permission to use, copy, and modify this software and its documentation for
any purpose other than distribution-for-profit is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies of the software and related documentation.

Permission to distribute the software or modified or extended versions thereof
on a not-for-profit basis is explicitly granted, under the above conditions.
HOWEVER, THE RIGHT TO DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR MODIFIED OR EXTENDED VERSIONS
THEREOF FOR PROFIT IS *NOT* GRANTED EXCEPT BY PRIOR ARRANGEMENT AND WRITTEN
CONSENT OF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 
